c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.exe
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.pdb
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.exe
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.pdb
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.exe
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.pdb
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.exe
C:\Users\Eric\OneDrive\Dokument\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.pdb
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.exe
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.pdb
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.exe
C:\Users\ericf\Downloads\Slutprojekt-Snake\Slutprojekt-Snake\obj\x86\Debug\Slutprojekt-Snake.pdb
